[Music]
[Music] the word of the Lord also came to me
the word of the Lord also came to me
the word of the Lord also came to me saying you shall not take a wife nor
saying you shall not take a wife nor
saying you shall not take a wife nor shall you have sons or daughters in this
shall you have sons or daughters in this
shall you have sons or daughters in this place for thus says the Lord concerning
place for thus says the Lord concerning
place for thus says the Lord concerning the sons and daughters who are born in
the sons and daughters who are born in
the sons and daughters who are born in this place and concerning their mothers
this place and concerning their mothers
this place and concerning their mothers who bore them and their fathers who
who bore them and their fathers who
who bore them and their fathers who begot them in this land they shall die
begot them in this land they shall die
begot them in this land they shall die gruesome deaths they shall not be
gruesome deaths they shall not be
gruesome deaths they shall not be lamented nor shall they be buried but
lamented nor shall they be buried but
lamented nor shall they be buried but they shall be like refuse on the face of
they shall be like refuse on the face of
they shall be like refuse on the face of the earth they shall be consumed by the
the earth they shall be consumed by the
the earth they shall be consumed by the sword and by famine and their corpses
sword and by famine and their corpses
sword and by famine and their corpses shall be meat for the birds of heaven
shall be meat for the birds of heaven
shall be meat for the birds of heaven and for the beasts of the earth
and for the beasts of the earth
and for the beasts of the earth for thus says the Lord do not enter the
for thus says the Lord do not enter the
for thus says the Lord do not enter the house of mourning nor go to lament or
house of mourning nor go to lament or
house of mourning nor go to lament or ramone them for I have taken away my
ramone them for I have taken away my
ramone them for I have taken away my peace from this people says the Lord
peace from this people says the Lord
peace from this people says the Lord loving-kindness and mercies both the
loving-kindness and mercies both the
loving-kindness and mercies both the great and the small shall die in this
great and the small shall die in this
great and the small shall die in this land they shall not be buried neither
land they shall not be buried neither
land they shall not be buried neither shall men lament for them cut themselves
shall men lament for them cut themselves
shall men lament for them cut themselves nor make themselves bald for them nor
nor make themselves bald for them nor
nor make themselves bald for them nor shall men break bread and mourning for
shall men break bread and mourning for
shall men break bread and mourning for them to comfort them for the dead nor
them to comfort them for the dead nor
them to comfort them for the dead nor shall men give them the cup of
shall men give them the cup of
shall men give them the cup of consolation to drink for their father or
consolation to drink for their father or
consolation to drink for their father or their mother also you shall not go into
their mother also you shall not go into
their mother also you shall not go into the house of feasting to sit with them
the house of feasting to sit with them
the house of feasting to sit with them to eat and drink for thus says the Lord
to eat and drink for thus says the Lord
to eat and drink for thus says the Lord of hosts the God of Israel behold I will
of hosts the God of Israel behold I will
of hosts the God of Israel behold I will cause to cease from this place before
cause to cease from this place before
cause to cease from this place before your eyes and in your days the voice of
your eyes and in your days the voice of
your eyes and in your days the voice of mirth and the voice of gladness the
mirth and the voice of gladness the
mirth and the voice of gladness the voice of the bridegroom and the voice of
voice of the bridegroom and the voice of
voice of the bridegroom and the voice of the bride and it shall be when you show
the bride and it shall be when you show
the bride and it shall be when you show this people all these words and they say
this people all these words and they say
this people all these words and they say to you why has the lord pronounced all
to you why has the lord pronounced all
to you why has the lord pronounced all this great disaster against us or what
this great disaster against us or what
this great disaster against us or what is our iniquity or what is our sin that
is our iniquity or what is our sin that
is our iniquity or what is our sin that we have committed against the Lord our
we have committed against the Lord our
we have committed against the Lord our God
God
God then you shall say to them because your
then you shall say to them because your
then you shall say to them because your fathers have forsaken me says the Lord
fathers have forsaken me says the Lord
fathers have forsaken me says the Lord they have walked after other gods and
they have walked after other gods and
they have walked after other gods and observed them and worshipped them and
observed them and worshipped them and
observed them and worshipped them and have forsaken me and not kept my law and
have forsaken me and not kept my law and
have forsaken me and not kept my law and you have done worse than your father's
you have done worse than your father's
you have done worse than your father's for behold each one follows the dictates
for behold each one follows the dictates
for behold each one follows the dictates of his own evil heart so that no one
of his own evil heart so that no one
of his own evil heart so that no one listens to me therefore I will cast you
listens to me therefore I will cast you
listens to me therefore I will cast you out of this land into a land that you do
out of this land into a land that you do
out of this land into a land that you do not know neither you nor your father's
not know neither you nor your father's
not know neither you nor your father's and there you shall serve other gods day
and there you shall serve other gods day
and there you shall serve other gods day and night where I will not show you
and night where I will not show you
and night where I will not show you favor therefore behold the days are
favor therefore behold the days are
favor therefore behold the days are coming that it shall no more be said the
coming that it shall no more be said the
coming that it shall no more be said the Lord lives who brought up the children
Lord lives who brought up the children
Lord lives who brought up the children of Israel from the land of Egypt but the
of Israel from the land of Egypt but the
of Israel from the land of Egypt but the Lord lives who brought up the children
Lord lives who brought up the children
Lord lives who brought up the children of Israel from the land of the north and
of Israel from the land of the north and
of Israel from the land of the north and from all the lands where he had driven
from all the lands where he had driven
from all the lands where he had driven them for I will bring them back into
them for I will bring them back into
them for I will bring them back into their land which I gave to their fathers
their land which I gave to their fathers
their land which I gave to their fathers behold I will send from any fisherman
behold I will send from any fisherman
behold I will send from any fisherman says the Lord and they shall fish them
says the Lord and they shall fish them
says the Lord and they shall fish them and afterward I will send for many
and afterward I will send for many
and afterward I will send for many hunters and they shall hunt them from
hunters and they shall hunt them from
hunters and they shall hunt them from every mountain and every Hill and out of
every mountain and every Hill and out of
every mountain and every Hill and out of the holes of the rocks for my eyes are
the holes of the rocks for my eyes are
the holes of the rocks for my eyes are on all their ways they are not hidden
on all their ways they are not hidden
on all their ways they are not hidden from my face nor is their iniquity
from my face nor is their iniquity
from my face nor is their iniquity hidden from my eyes
hidden from my eyes
hidden from my eyes and first I will repay double for their
and first I will repay double for their
and first I will repay double for their iniquity and their sin because they have
iniquity and their sin because they have
iniquity and their sin because they have defiled my land they have filled my
defiled my land they have filled my
defiled my land they have filled my inheritance with the caucuses of their
inheritance with the caucuses of their
inheritance with the caucuses of their detestable and abominable idols Oh Lord
detestable and abominable idols Oh Lord
detestable and abominable idols Oh Lord my strength and my fortress my refuge in
my strength and my fortress my refuge in
my strength and my fortress my refuge in the day of affliction the Gentiles shall
the day of affliction the Gentiles shall
the day of affliction the Gentiles shall come to you from the ends of the earth
come to you from the ends of the earth
come to you from the ends of the earth and say surely our fathers have
and say surely our fathers have
and say surely our fathers have inherited lies worthlessness and
inherited lies worthlessness and
inherited lies worthlessness and unprofitable things will a man make gods
unprofitable things will a man make gods
unprofitable things will a man make gods for himself which are not gods therefore
for himself which are not gods therefore
for himself which are not gods therefore behold I will this once cause them to
behold I will this once cause them to
behold I will this once cause them to know I will cause them to know my hand
know I will cause them to know my hand
know I will cause them to know my hand and my might and they shall know that my
and my might and they shall know that my
and my might and they shall know that my name is the Lord